[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> On November 23, 1966, NASA
released an image taken by NASA
satellite Lunar Orbiter 2 of
six very tall towers or spires
or cuspids found on the
surface of the moon.
The towers were called the
Blair Cuspids after Orbiter 2
scientist William Blair.
At the time, this
news was so big
that "The Los Angeles Times"
and "The Washington Post"
printed the Lunar Orbiter
image with big headlines.
"The Post" front page said this.
"Six mysterious
statuesque shadows
photographed on the
moon by Orbiter."
"Post" writer Thomas O'Toole
wrote that the image revealed
six shadows which were--
>> Hailed by scientists as one
of the most unusual features
of the moon ever photographed.
>> Blair believed that
the geometry of the layout
of the towers was too regular
to be a random act of nature.
He insisted there was
an intelligent design
behind the construction.
Soviet space engineer
Alexander Abramov
looked at the Orbiter picture
and reached the same conclusion
as Blair, only he
went much further.
Abramov stated publicly
that the towers
form an Egyptian triangle.
He says--
>> The distribution of these
lunar objects is similar
to the plan of the Egyptian
pyramids near Cairo.
The centers of the spheres
in this lunar [? abaca ?]
are arranged
precisely the same way
as the apices of
the three pyramids.
>> NASA scientist Farouk El-Baz
also hinted that he thought
the towers were not natural.
He said that they were
taller than the tallest
buildings on Earth,
as calculated
by the tremendously
long shadows they
cast on the moon's surface.
He also noted that the towers
were much lighter in color
than the surrounding
area and concluded
that the towers were constructed
of a different material.
Almost immediately after the
newspapers printed the story,
NASA went into a full cover-up.
They claimed it was a
trick of light and shadow,
and they ignored all further
inquiries into the six towers.
Art Rosenblum of the
Aquarian Research Foundation
met with scientists
who work for NASA.
Rosenblum reports--
>> He told me about the time
of photographing the shadows
of the obelisks.
The Boeing aircraft
corporation published the photo
in their company newsletter.
He had not seen it
published since then.
He also told me that
while working for NASA,
he found it uncommonly difficult
to get information from them.
If monuments have been
discovered on the moon,
one would suppose that that is
about the most important result
of the moon probe effort.
Why is this information not
widely publicized by NASA?
Why are they not
fully investigated?
Or are they?
What other types of
information is being withheld?
Why?
>> The fact that this
tower system was discovered
in the Sea of Tranquility may
be the impetus for NASA choosing
that place to land Apollo 11
less than three years later.
>> There's a lot of evidence
that suggests the moon itself
might actually be artificial
or a possibly artificially
modified natural satellite.
In addition to that,
there are all kinds
of structures on
the moon itself,
which appear to be artificial,
which indicate that at one time
it was a base for very
advanced civilization.
May have been human, may have
been alien, may have been both.
There may have been
multiple epochs
of inhabitation of the moon.
>> But the moon's actual
diameter also happens to be
the number of years in
the age of the zodiac.
And as Graham Hancock wrote
in "Fingerprints of the Gods"
back in '95, you
have 35 cultures
in the ancient
world that encoded
this procession of the equinoxes
from 25,000 to 26,000 years
into their ancient mythology.
And 12 ages of the zodiac adds
up to the 25,920 year cycle.
So it would appear that
the moon was designed
for a particular purpose.
>> Scientists have
asked the question,
what would life on Earth
be like without a moon?
The answer to this
question is troubling.
Without a moon, there would
be very little tidal flow.
The rivers in the oceans that
bring hot equatorial water
to the polar regions and
back would disappear.
Also, the moon has slowed
our planetary rotation.
So if we had no moon,
the days would speed up.
The moon also locks the planet
into a 23 and 1/2 degree tilt,
which gives us our seasons.
Without the moon
locking the Earth,
the planet would begin to
rotate at different angles,
and this would cause the
weather to become very weird.
For instance, the polar regions
would move into the hot zones,
and then all of the
ice caps would melt.
>> Because the gravitational
effects of the moon
and creating tides and things
like that is what created life
on Earth.
And so until we had this moon
in orbit around our planet,
there couldn't really be
life here as we know it.
>> In his book, "The Secret
Teachings of All Ages,"
Manly P. Hall tells us about the
rights of the Druid people from
Ireland.
He says--
>> The Druids also had other
symbolic instruments such
as a peculiarly shaped Golden
Sickle with which they cut
the mistletoe from
the oak and the conan,
or scepter in the
form of a crescent,
symbolic of the sixth day of
the increasing moon and the Ark
of Noah.
An early initiate of
the Druidic mysteries
related that admission to
their midnight ceremonies
was gained by a means of a
glass boat called Cwrwg Gwydrin.
This boat symbolized
the moon, which
floating on the
waters of eternity
preserved the seeds
of living creatures
within its boat-like crescent.
>> This ties in very nicely with
the testimony of researchers
who claim that the moon might
be a planet-sized Noah's Ark.
In other words, the moon
seemed to have maybe
arrived here right around
the time of the extinction
of the dinosaurs 65
million years ago
and that it could be a source
or database of actual DNA,
where it can then
repopulate an entire planet
with different species at
different eras in time.
Is it possible that a
meteorite or an asteroid
killed the dinosaurs?
Or was it a deliberate act?
>> Then you come back to modern
times to people like William
Tompkins from this
Naval Intelligence,
beyond top secret
operation interacting with
extraterrestrials.
And he's talking about
the moon being the command
center for a reptilian race.
And again, if you keep
connecting the dots,
you keep looking--
ancient, modern,
ancient, modern--
the body of evidence
that you can create,
that gives you a picture--
from the pixels
comes the picture--
is absolutely extraordinary
and explains so much
about life on Earth.
>> Everything I've seen
on the moon is in ruins.
That doesn't mean
it's not inhabited.
Because the fact is is that the
best place you could possibly
have a base to operate
around the Earth,
if you were working on
the Earth or you wanted
to move out into the solar
system from the Earth,
would be on the moon.
Now I've seen lots of
videos of craft traveling
to and from the moon that
appear to be authentic to me,
and my guess would be that
the moon is inhabited.
I can't put any proof on
that, but I can prove to you
that it has been inhabited.
So one has happened, then
it follows that the other
is distinctly probable.
>> What's really amazing is when
you analyze some of the images
from the USGS.gov server,
you begin to realize that
there's something underneath
the surface of the moon.
A very esteemed anomaly
hunter and image analyst
named Chris Moroney
of Mars Anomalies
has great footage
of the analysis
of this subsurface structure.
So when you look at it,
you see all of a sudden
that the ground-penetrating
radar now
is showing many, many layers
beneath the moon's surface
going down what appears to
be maybe thousands of feet.
And what that tells us is
that even with the naked eye,
you can see this imagery
on a US government server,
showing us that
something definitely
is going on inside the moon.
What could it be?
Is it possible that we
have a base from Earth
on the moon right now maybe
mining for resources that we've
not been told about?
Is it some type of
top secret project?
Could it be a progenitor
race that has basically
inhabited the moon?
According to some of
the ancient tablets,
there was a situation where
there was a war on Earth
and the actual
faction that started
that war, which was a
relative of the other race,
was then banished to
go live on the moon.
Could it be that
bloodline now on the moon,
now inhabiting the
inside of the moon?
Or could it be some
type of a really,
super ancient, ancient race
that had basically formulated
this moon as some type of
a grand Noah's Ark in case
anything ever
happened to the Earth,
that they can be able
to repopulate or reseed
this planet.
We don't know.
But I'll tell you, these images
are very, very intriguing.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[WHIRRING]
[BOOM]
>> While many researchers
believe that the Earth did not
always have a moon, some think
it was moved here in more
recent times.
>> Well, there is a book by
Immanuel Velikovsky which talks
about the moon being an
object which is only a part
of our recent history.
He has quoted a number
of ancient historians,
Herodotus amongst
them and others,
that referred to
pre-lunar cultures.
These were peoples who described
the times before the moon,
where they still had the
memories of the night sky
not having a moon at all.
And at some point,
the moon arrived.
And so dating that,
I would say it's
anywhere within the
last 50,000 years
in terms of when oral traditions
began and were eventually
recorded and
transcribed in some way.
So up to 55,000,
60,000 years ago,
I think that's when
the moon arrived
and that the moon arrived
as an artificial body
with refugees from a wider
cataclysm that had occurred
elsewhere in the solar system.
I think that the whole exploded
planet hypothesis of Thomas Van
Flandern, I think that's
very accurate in terms
of showing how the asteroid belt
was very likely a planet at one
point in its history and
the destruction of a planet
would require some
artificial process.
It would require a war.
And a war would by necessity
involve advanced civilizations
with the technology that
could blow up a planet.
And so that to me suggests
that it's very feasible
that the moon was at
some point a satellite
of this exploded planet.
And interestingly, in
Thomas Van Flandern's paper,
"The Exploded
Planet Hypothesis,"
he hypothesizes
that Mars was also
one of the moons of this planet
and that the conflict could
have involved Mars at a time
when it was very green, very
fertile in a war with the
inhabitants of this exploding
planet-- a super Earth, really.
So this super Earth
was exploded or had
exploded because probably
some kind of technology
that taps the planet's core
was used that went awry.
And so Mars is blown off course,
and the moon starts to drift
and eventually finds
its way to Earth.
I don't think the Earth
has the sufficient size
to capture the moon,
given its size.
I mean, our gravity
isn't strong enough.
So the moon was basically
artificially directed
into the orbit around
the Earth, and I
think it is an
artificial body that
arrived carrying
a lot of refugees
from this ancient cataclysm.
And from there, they
began to develop
a global civilization,
which later on became
known as Atlantis.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> We are being assimilated.
It's a process, step
by step by step.
And to do it, our perception
has to be hijacked
and our sense of self
has to be hijacked.
Where I'm coming from is that
we are a point of attention.
When I say "we," I mean at the
deepest level of perception
of being, beyond
all the garments
we call bodies and even
the electromagnetic fields,
we are a state of
awareness, nothing else.
And all these vehicles that
awareness experiences through
are simply means of experience.
And what has happened--
and this is described
in many ancient texts--
is that that state of
awareness, that infinite self,
that which all of us
are an expression of,
we're all points of attention
within the one infinite
awareness, has been
perceptually enslaved
in a state of perception
that I call phantom self.
That is the perception
that who we are
is our name, our race, our
religion, our life story,
our background, our
job, our income bracket,
and that's who we are.
Now this perceptional delusion
of mistaking an experience
for infinite self or true self
means that you, first of all,
perceptually squeeze the
sense of the possible.
You present people that fall
for that with a sense of "little
me, I've got no power,"
and a sense of "I can't."
Because if you take most people
in their perceptions of self
and their perceptions of
reality, they'll say, "Well,
what can I do?
There's nothing we can do."
And if you are then persuaded
that you have no power,
then you give the
power you really
have but don't know about
to authority over you.
And that perception
of authority has power
and we don't then creates
another level of the control
system, and we are
being manipulated.
This is a much bigger story.
We are being manipulated
to a point where
we are attached technologically
to artificial intelligence
technology.
>> One thing that's been
well documented is the fact
of the moon on
human consciousness.
When we have a full
moon, it always
seems that people
on the Earth tend
to be a lot more aggressive.
And this goes back
even to ancient times.
So when you start to
analyze a full moon,
you begin to realize that
police activity increase
because somehow crime increases.
You also begin to see
that at hospitals, there's
a lot more activity going
on in the birthing centers
and in the amount of
people coming in injured.
This is always happening
under full moons.
So there's even in cases
where in the police station,
they've actually had
to ramp up or staff up
on the nights of
full moons to be
able to handle the
extra workload that's
going to happen.
They almost anticipate
that during a full moon,
there's going to be some
extra activity going on.
Why is this?
Why is a full moon causing
or having this effect
on human consciousness?
When you analyze a full moon
and you analyze the distance
from the moon to the
Earth, it does vary
in a very elliptical shape.
And when the moon becomes
closer to the Earth,
then you have a much
stronger gravitational field.
And that field definitely
interacts there roughly
with human consciousness.
It's already been proven in
professors and laboratories
all around the world
that when you actually
add a magnetism or
electromagnetic fields
to a human brain,
you can actually
get a different
train of thought,
you can have people
thinking in different ways,
you can even have people
hallucinating, OK?
So this is something that
we've done in laboratories
all around the world.
So we know that electromagnetism
and gravity will
have a direct effect
on human consciousness,
and this could be one of the
reasons why during a full moon,
we see this instance
of human psychology
dramatically changing
all over the planet.
As an example, we have
the study of [INAUDIBLE]
by Russian scientist
[? Bolakrav ?],, who
takes fish ages to show that
eggs that are older and are
closer to becoming newborn fish
will actually suck the life
force out of the younger eggs.
If you keep them close by
and put a piece of glass
in the way, which
blocks the UV light,
the little eggs do
not wither and die.
So UV light seems to
be the key, but what
carries this UV light
is the torsion field.
It's a light pipe that
is something in gravity.
So that may be where we get the
weirdness happening in people
during a full moon and
maybe even where we
get the word "lunatic"
coming from "lunar."
So the word "lunatic" may be
derived from the word "lunar."
And when you really look
into the ancient tablets
or specifically the
Enuma Elish, the Seven
Tablets of the Creation, which
go back thousands of years,
there's an actual creation story
about the entire solar system.
And in this story,
there's a planet
named Tiamat which orbits just
outside where now Mars is.
So what happened?
Tiamat was a super Earth about
four to six times the size
of Earth itself, and it had--
at least we know of-- two moons.
One was a habitable
moon we now call Mars,
and the other one was
our moon, which we now
have here orbiting the Earth.
However, during an
ancient collision,
it seems that gravitationally
our solar system,
according to these tablets,
captured a brown dwarf star
that had planets orbiting it.
One of those planets collided
with this Tiamat planet, which
was a water-bearing
organic world,
and caused it to break
into gigantic chunks.
One big chunk swung away
and became the Earth.
So it coalesced to the Earth.
The other chunks broke up
and became the asteroid belt,
also known in ancient texts
as the Hammered Bracelet.
Now when the Earth
itself re-coalesced,
it gravitationally took
something along with it.
It tugged along with it
gravitationally the moon--
the moon that used to be a
moon of this Tiamat planet
according to these
ancient tablets.
Also because Mars
was a habitable moon,
it got slung into this
very weird elliptical orbit
around our sun, which
then can be backtracked
to where it originally was when
the collision first happened.
And it also explains
why one side of Mars
is completely charred
and the other side
is completely smooth.
The side this charred
is from the impact side,
and the side that's
smooth obviously
is the side facing away
from the initial explosion.
So this is a real
incredible story,
but it does show
the power of gravity
and how between our
Earth and the chunk
that we were re-coalescing
with a specific orbit
around our sun, gravitationally
pulling the moon along with us,
and now having another
planet out there named
Mars getting its own
orbit around the sun all
based on gravity.
Through the Freedom
of Information Act,
we were able to get the black
box audio from the Apollo 11.
And this is when the Apollo
11 astronauts were actually
going across the moon or kind
of flying across the moon,
looking for their landing site.
During that phase,
one of the astronauts
actually says,
"Look at the conical
craters down there,"
in other words eluding
to a dome structure.
He says, "Look at them."
And then Neil says, "I
bet the people down there
never get out."
That's an interesting
statement to make,
knowing that you're
being recorded,
and even the fact that
the printout was made
of the redacted
statements and they
left that part available
to the general population.
It's available to anybody.
So that's very interesting.
As a matter of fact, the
noted Western mystic Gurdjieff
did say that the
moon was a soul trap
and you should avoid going
near it in your afterlife
because you could be drawn
into some type of reincarnation
experience.
We also see this in
the work of Philip K.
Dick when he wrote
the book "VALIS,"
where it appears that VALIS
means Vast, Acting, Living
Information System and that
VALIS actually connected
to the moon and this is
what was inside the moon.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Through this exploration
of our lunar cousin,
it can be revealed that the moon
is one of the strangest objects
that humans have
examined in their quest
to conquer outer space.
It appears to have been placed
in orbit around the Earth
so that life could thrive here.
It might be hollow, and it
could even be Noah's Ark.
While no human has
supposedly gone
to the moon for
almost 45 years, it's
heartening to realize
that several countries are
ramping up programs to
explore the moon again.
Possibly, these
programs will answer
some of the questions that
linger concerning our moon.
In our next episode,
we'll continue
our exploration of
the solar system
as we visit the planet Mars.